WP super cache is a WordPress plugin that creates and serves static pages to non logged in users, it
can improve your site speed tremendously.
You can install WP super cache using the dashboard or WP CLIA.
Once you have installed WP super cache, you need to configure the Engine X directors before you activate
WP super cache.
I have included the directive's in a PDF file attached to this lecture.
I'll use our WordPress dashboard plugins, add new WP super cache, install now install plug ins.
There is WP super cache.
While I'm about it, I'm going to delete.
Hello Dolly.
The minute you use the dashboard, all WPEC you like to update or install new plug ins or theme.
Run the script in your home directory to ensure that your files and directories have the correct ownership
and permissions.
I've changed to my home directory and I'm going to run the WP permissions script takes a few seconds,
but it ensures that your files and directories have the correct permissions and ownership you can change
to the Etsy Engine X directory and then to the global directory.
We are going to create a new file.
Sudano, followed by WP hyphen super hyphen Dot Seo.
And if you can paste the directives from the PDF attached to this lecture.
Now, what's important about these directives in your site's configuration file, you have a draft files
directive.
Now what we are doing is we are going to replace that TRA Files Directive with a draft files directive
for WP super cache.
You can exit saving your changes.
We want to go back one level and then to your sites available directory.
Once we in the sites available directory, we want to open our sites configuration file.
You can scroll down until you find the TRA Files directive.
You can delete those three lines control.
OK, now we are going to use the include directive and we are going to include global slash WP super
cache, not SEO.
And if semicolon you can exit NENO saving your changes in the syntax is OK.
In order to reload Ingenix, let's switch back to our browser.
We can activate WP super cache and then go to settings.
We have a problem warning.
Could not update WP hyphen config from a previous lecture.
When we discussed WP config, I mentioned to you that our permissions are strict on that particular
file.
You will have difficulty in installing security or caching plug ins with the permissions set as they
currently are.
Let's go back to plug ins, install plug ins.
Now we need to change back to terminal.
You need to change to your site's public HTML directory.
Along listing will display the permissions on WP config.
The owner, our user can read and write to the file.
The Web server.
Ingenix can only read the file.
Other users can only read the file.
That is a problem.
WordPress cannot update or make any changes to WP config because the web server does not have right
permissions on the file.
Mod six six four followed by the filename WP Config six.
Our user can read and write six.
The Web server can read and write for other users can only read.
Notice the change in permissions.
Read, write, read, write, read.
I recommend you restart the FPM service this change back to our browser WP super cache settings.
We still have a permissions problem.
Let's go back to terminal.
A long listing of our public HTML directory will display the permissions on WP config.
Read, write, read, write, read.
The web server has right permissions on that file.
Let's go back one level.
A long listing will display the permissions on our public underscore HTML directory.
Now the problem we have with permissions, we have given the web server right permissions on the file.
But if you look at the public underscore HTML Directory seven five five, our user can read, write,
execute, the web server can read and execute.
The Web server has no permissions to write inside the public.
Underscore HTML directory.
We need to give the web server write permissions inside the public HTML directory.
Sudo chmod 775 public underscore html, I recommend you restart the service that will clear the up cache.
So at this stage we have given right permissions to the file WP config and we have also given the web
server right permissions inside the public HTML directory.
Let's go back to our browser WPK Super Cache Settings.
Error configuration file is missing.
Please reload the page.
WP cache constant, edit its turn, caching on and update our status.
Let's test the cache.
WP super cache has been installed and working correctly.
I would like you to click on the advanced tab.
Enable caching is selected your cache delivery method.
I would like you to select expert.
We have added the WP Super Cache Engine X configuration files so the expert option can be enabled.
I would also like you to select don't cache pages for known uses.
You can then click update status.
Now likely to click on Preload, Preload will create static files of every published post and page on
your site, creating static pages will speed up your site tremendously.
Refresh preload cache files every.
I normally like to set it at 1200 minutes and then select preload mode garbage collection disabled.
Send me status emails, no emails and you can click save settings.
You can then click preload cache.
Now in this lecture we optimize WordPress using Engine X directive's and WP super cache.